Note: Make sure that your MySQL server is running in background.
	  - Open "services.msc"  on your PC
	  - Right click on "MySQL" and select start.

MySQL Environment:
- Every database system comprises of 2 environments

	1. Server
	2. Client

- Server is the location where your data is kept.
- Client is the location from where you interact with the data.
- The client tool is "MySQL Workbench".

Database Objects:

1. Database			: It is store used to maintain data required for application.

2. Table				: It is schema for database used to store data for various 
					  modules in application. 

3. View				: It is a virtual data set that comprises of data filtered, sorted
					  or grouped from various tables or from specific table. 

4. Stored Procedure 	: It is used to refactor the statements.
					  Refactor is the process of encapsulating a set of statements.
					  So that you can reuse across various locations.
					  A procedure can return or can be void.

5. Function			: It is used to evaluate a value with any expression.
					  You can build expressions using function.

6. Trigger				: It is used to execute a set of procedures or functions 
					  in a sequential order. 

7. Form				: It provides an UI for database, so that developer can
					  easily interact with database & its objects. [CRUD]

8. Report				: It a process of generating a document that exports your
					 data into various formats like "pdf, xlsx, csv" etc.
					 Report is a document that shows your data and allows to
					 export & print.

9. Macros			: It is used to design batch operations.
					  Batch operations are a set of sequential operations you 
					  want to execute repeatedly.

SQL Language:
- Structured Query Language.
- It is a language used by developer to communicate with database objects.
- It uses various operators and functions to handle communication. 
- Based of type of operations the language is classified into 3 types

		a) DDL
		b) DML
		c) DCL

- Data Definition Language used to configure and create the data objects.
- Data Manipulation Language used to filter, sort, group and manage data.
- Data Control Language allows to handle security like authorization, authentication.